# CV

User persona:
The user is someone who needs to find a certain suited profile according to their interest. This user will have to go through multiple profiles in order to find those who match their criteria, and then will proceed to compare to find the best qualified for it. Because of that, our curriculum vitae needs to be easy to navigate through visually. The information has to be clear and well divided in order to help the user re-visit the segments holding the information that needs to be considered in their task to compare. Also, its format will have to be eye-catching to stand out among the many others.

Information architecture:
The contents on this page are divided in three main areas. The main header provides the first introduction to the subject with the basics of who they are and what they do. It’s divided with a flexbox in which their picture will occupy one section, and their general information, as name, profession and brief description of their persona, will occupy the second. That way, the picture can be shown at the left while the information can still be organized vertically. The main header will be horizontally centered.
The nav will be a flexbox in order to align its contents as intended, and it will include links to its respective media organized via “ul”.
The main content is the last main area. It contains the important information we want to share with the user, and will be divided in sections via a grid. The grid has six cells that will contain four section, meaning that area “a” will occupy two cells vertically, “d” will occupy two cells horizontally, and “b” and “c” will only occupy one each. Inside this cells, determined by the class “Section”, will have their own structures, but they all will share the class “SectionHeader”. 
Section “a” will consist of an “ul” in which each “li” will have a flexbox containing text in one cell and a grid of the class “grid” in the other. The flexbox will allow this elements to be align at the sides.
Section “b” consist as well of a “ul” made a flexbox, so the two “li” can be align accordingly to the space around.
Section “c” will be divided by an “ul”. Each “li” will have their content align vertically.
Section “d” consists of three “ul”, one for each company and job, that will include descriptions of the different aspects of their rol at said job via “li”.
The reference examples I’ve taken inspiration from don’t have a footer, and looking at other examples the footer seems unnecessary in this format.

Visual design: 
-The used color palette is a variety of greens. These variants of green are mainly three different dark shades of green for the content to stand in contrast of the background color. The nav, that acts as a visual divider, has the darkest shade in order to give a sharp contrast between the main two sections: the header and the main content. The mid-tone green is used in important text that needs to be the catch of attention at first sight, as are, per example, the headers of each section in the main content. The lightest shade of the three is used for text that doesn’t give crucial information in comparison of most elements on the curriculum, but still needs to be given. That way it doesn’t held the same visual value as the rest of the content. With this three shades, we differentiate the importance level of each content and or help to make the visual dividers more clear in their function. 
Two light shades of green are used as background colors, as opposite of the dark shades for the content within. The lightest of the two is used as the background color in order to give a more harmonious look that the default white was breaking. The other is used for each section of the main content in order to see the different boxes that instantly indicate where we need to look for each topic.
-There are three types of text fonts used in the curriculum. The section’s headers of the main content share theirs with the nav elements, while the main header shares theirs with the important content as are the job roles, the companies in which they were performed, and the degrees in possession with the corresponding universities where they were acquired. The rest of information share a more neutral font type. Every font type and text style is adapted to its corresponding importance in the curriculum.
-Icons are used to help an easier understanding of what is been looked at, as well as the segmented status bar, that allows to visually see and compare the levels of the skills.

Figma link: https://www.figma.com/design/FTalF3by0WqtJvXqMoBILw/CV?node-id=0-1&t=rbYrvl3UOSBr0MQ8-1
Web link: https://nata-166.github.io/CV/
